## Basic Setup

Clone the repository and change the current working directory to wherever this repository was cloned on your machine.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/michaelthomasletts/boto3-refresh-session.git && cd boto3-refresh-session
```

Install poetry. Follow the instructions to do that [here](https://python-poetry.org/docs/). **Ideally, you should do so within a virtual environment.**

Mext, install the dependencies for working on this project.

```bash
$ poetry install
```

Install the pre-commit scripts.

```bash
$ pre-commit install`
```

Next, install the pre-commit hooks.

```bash
$ pre-commit install-hooks
```

Make your changes.

## Testing

You will need an AWS account in order to run unit tests. 

After creating an AWS account, create an IAM user and IAM role. Provide a trust relationship between them such that your IAM user can assume that role. Lastly, allow that IAM role permission to list buckets in S3, i.e. `s3:ListBucket`, by modifying the `Actions` in the IAM policy. Copy the role ARN.

Using the role ARN you copied, create a local environment variable on your machine like so.

```bash
$ export ROLE_ARN=<your-role-arn>
```

Next, create an IAM access key for the user you just created like so.

```bash
$ aws iam create-access-key --user-name <your-user-name>
```

Create an `~/.aws/config` file like so. Enter the access key and secret access key values that were generated by the above action.

```bash
$ aws configure
```

Create unit tests which validate your changes. Add those tests into `/tests`. 

Finally, add your changes to git.

```bash
$ git add .
```

To run the tests, you have two options: run `pre-commit run` or `git commit ...`. The latter is easier, so that will be illustrated below; however, you are free to run `pre-commit run` before `git commit`.

```bash
$ git commit -m "<message>"
```

If the tests fail then you will need to modify your code and repeat the above steps again, e.g. `git add .`, etc. If, however, your tests succeed then you are ready to push your changes!